**Topics discussed**

* Gem5 model:

  - Mark's team in Stream Computing is working on a Gem5 model of RISC-V CPU

  - Once done, it will be open-sourced to the community

* Mark's team in Stream Computing is developing Chisel-based reference implementation 

   - will be open sourced once done

* QEMU/Spike: what is needed?
     * Functional simulation only
     * Not good for performance evaluation but for functional correctness
     * We need to get a representative from vector extension/Simulatuion group to consult with regarding 
       the current support of vector extension in simulators/emulators
     * Get in contact with them and ensure that the work item is listed on Simulation/Vector SIG agenda 

* Benchmarks?

     - MLPerf and AIBench? available to everyone? represent single point of reference. But questionable in terms of being representative of real world workloads.

     - Is there a way to get real world/commercial benchmarks and real world ML/AI applications? problem is that not every one has access to those. So, there will be no reference point for all to compare against.

     - Hybrid scheme where we run commercial benchmarks and just share performance results? Doable?

       

************************************************************************************
**Action items**

* Strategy document describing what does this SIG cover now and in the future? 
     - What do we govern 
     - Gap analysis and pieces that we provide 
* We need to articulate in 2-pages document the main items of the charter and share it with the community
* Collect feedback, suggestions, additions, and modifications
     * Extract list of to-dos out of that
     * Send it out to the mail list along with a deadline for feedback from the group
* Have the road map specifying goals we hope to achieve by 2022
