**Discussed topics:**

**1) gap analysis:** keep track of what the group is doing, and the gap that we will fill

- Actions need to be listed on the charter
- Build a Plan: 1) what need to be accomplished, b)what is needed to achieve
- **Action item**: Mark and Mostafa are to:
  - ensure that the gap analysis is complete and provide conclusions of 
    the analysis
  - Extract target projects, work items and tasks that the group need to achieve 
    over the next year.

**2) Bridging with relevant task groups**

* What the SIG needs: LLVM? Simulator?
  build connections and communications with groups working on those.
* **Action item:** Jeff is to work with Mark and Mostafa to setup interfaces with other task groups, collect 
  information about overlaps and collaboration areas, and prioritization.

**3) Building a work plan (Action items)**

- List projects, tasks, and action items and discuss them internally in the group to prioritize
- Ensure the tasks are not duplicating any other efforts in other task groups
- Present those action items and tasks in the SW horizontal committee soliciting parties that would like to 
participate in accomplishing these tasks.

**4)Technical discussion points**

- Simulation infrastructure: we need to communicate to the SW HC our inquiries about the simulation infrastructure to follow up
on the current status.
- GemmLowP/FBGEMM: 
- we need to identify the "getting started" tasks and "what we need to do longer term"
- Start peeling the underneath layers of the "getting started tasks"
- Watch and review the specifications of the **low precision extensions** as they come out.



